Psychiatric History Report

Demographic Information

First name Last name is a 21-year-old, divorced, Caucasian, other, East Indian, female. Who goes by a preferred pronoun of she/her/hers. Her email is person@people.com and her phone number is 111-111-1111.

Employment Where the Physical or Emotional Injury Occurred

At the time of her injury, Ms. Last name worked for IBM. She described this business as computers. Her first day of work there was 1/1/2004. The most recent day she worked at this job was 1/1/2023. Her job title when she started this employment was as a programmer. Her most recent job title at this employment was manager. Her employment duties included turning computers on and off. Her typical work schedule was 40 hours a week. Her salary at this position is $1,000,000 and her hourly rate is $1,000. She does receive overtime pay consisting of $100. She stated that she likes her job because of the lots of money. She stated that she does not like this job due to not liking computers.

Medical and Emotional History

Before the injury, Ms. Last name was being treated for a physical condition that affected her ability to walk. She was also experiencing symptoms of depression. She was taking morphine as a medication before the injury.

Injury Details

Ms. Last name reported multiple injuries occurring on 1/1/2004, 2/1/2014, and 3/1/2022. She described the injury as hating her boss and him being mean to her.

Disability and Current Employment

Ms. Last name currently receives disability in connection with her claim. She is currently working for a different employer in the housing industry as a squatter. Her job duties include finding houses. She started this job on 8/1/23 and works on weekends from 9-5. Her salary or hourly rate is $5/hr. She stated that she does not like this job.

Workplace Conflicts

Ms. Last name reported having conflicts with others at work. She had a total of 4 separate conflicts, including her boss being mean, a coworker stealing her stuff, dissatisfaction with customers, and the workplace being too hot without AC. She rated the percentage of upset caused by each conflict as follows: Conflict #1 - 20%, Conflict #2 - 30%, Conflict #3 - 10%, Conflict #4 - 40%.

Working Relationships

Ms. Last name described her working relationship with management or supervisors in general as terrible. Her immediate supervisor's name is bad boss and she described their relationship as poor due to their mean behavior. Her performance appraisals were poor as well, with feedback indicating that she was not performing well in her job. She has received verbal warnings in the past, including one on 1/1/2022 where she was told she was not performing well. Her working relationship with co-workers is also poor, with her describing them as stupid.

Last Straw Event

Ms. Last name reported a "last straw" event near the last day of her work, where the workplace was too hot.

Current Employer

Ms. Last name currently works for a different employer in the housing industry as a squatter. She started this job on 8/1/23 and works on weekends from 9-5. Her salary or hourly rate is $5/hr. She stated that she does not like this job.

Physical Injury

Further information about the physical injury is not provided in the questionnaire.Psychiatric History Report

Demographic Information

First name Last name is a NaN-year-old, divorced, Caucasian, other, East Indian, female.
Who goes by a preferred pronoun of she/her/hers.
Person@people.com
111-111-1111

Employment Where the Physical or Emotional Injury Occurred

At the time of her injury, Ms. Last name worked for IBM. She described this business as computers.
Her first day of work there was 1/1/2004. The most recent day she worked at this job was 1/1/2023.
Her job title when she started this employment was as a programmer. Her most recent job title at this employment was manager.
Her employment duties included the following: turn computers on and off. Her typical work schedule was 40 hours a week.
Her salary at this position is $1,000,000. Her hourly rate is $1,000. She does receive overtime pay consisting of $100.
She stated that she likes her job because of Lots of money. She stated that she does not like this job due to I don't
like computers...

Injury and Treatment History

Ms. Last name initially experienced physical symptoms of knee pain following her injury.
She received injections as the first treatment for her injury.
The rest of her treatment for this physical injury involved medications.
She has seen Dr. Smith and Dr. Jones for this physical injury.
She underwent surgery for her elbow as a result of this injury.
She has been prescribed Vicodin for pain management.
The above treatments have helped relieve her pain.
She is currently still working.

Emotional Symptoms and Injuries

Ms. Last name is most bothered by her boss on this day.
She is currently experiencing symptoms of anxiety, panic, depression, and post-traumatic stress.
These emotional symptoms began several months ago in response to her boss being mean to her.
She does not have stress from any of the listed factors.

Longitudinal History

The current episode of Ms. Last name's emotional symptoms started on 7/1/23.
She has experienced symptoms of depression, anxiety, stress, and anger.
Her symptoms were the worst yesterday.
Her emotional symptoms have become worse since they started.
Her emotional symptoms became worse on 7/4/23.
She feels the above emotions all day every day.
She rates her depressive symptoms as 10, anxiety symptoms as 9, and post-trauma symptoms as 8 when they were most severe.
Currently, she rates her depressive, anxiety, or post-trauma symptoms as 6.
Her emotional symptoms have affected her ability to do her job by causing low energy, sadness, and difficulty focusing.

Current Symptoms

According to the PHQ-9 questionnaire, Ms. Last name has experienced little interest or pleasure in doing things for several days.
She has been feeling down, depressed, or hopeless for more than half the days.
Her depressive symptoms have gotten worse since they started.
She feels depressed several days per week and it lasts a majority of the day for most days of the week.
Over the last 2 weeks, she has had trouble falling or staying asleep for several days.
She wakes up two times per night before the time she plans to wake up and stays awake for 1-2 hours.
Physical pain awakens her from sleep.
She sleeps for 4-6 hours per 24 hours.Psychiatric History Report

Demographic Information

First name Last name is a 67-year-old, divorced, Caucasian, female. She goes by the preferred pronouns of she/her/hers.

Contact Information

Email: Person@people.com
Phone: 111-111-1111

Employment Where the Physical or Emotional Injury Occurred

At the time of her injury, Ms. Last name worked for IBM. She described this business as computers. Her first day of work there was 1/1/2004. The most recent day she worked at this job was 1/1/2023. Her job title when she started this employment was as a programmer. Her most recent job title at this employment was manager. Her employment duties included turning computers on and off. Her typical work schedule was 40 hours a week. Her salary at this position was $1,000,000 and her hourly rate was $1,000. She did receive overtime pay consisting of $100. She stated that she liked her job because of the high salary, but she did not like it due to her dislike for computers.

Depressive Symptoms

Over the past two weeks, Ms. Last name reported feeling tired or having little energy on several days. She also reported poor appetite or overeating on more than half the days. She mentioned gaining 36-50+ pounds of weight over the past 1-3 months. Additionally, she reported feeling bad about herself, feeling like a failure, or letting herself or her family down nearly every day. She experienced trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television, on several days. Ms. Last name also reported moving or speaking slowly that other people could have noticed on more than half the days. She did not mention feeling fidgety or restless. Furthermore, she reported having thoughts that she would be better off dead or thoughts of hurting herself in some way nearly every day. In the past month, she wished she were dead or wished she could go to sleep and not wake up on more than half the days. She admitted to having actual thoughts of killing herself, thinking about how she might do it, and having some intention of acting on them. She also stated that she had started to work out the details of how to kill herself and intended to carry out this plan. Additionally, she reported having done something, started to do something, or prepared to do something to end her life. Ms. Last name also mentioned having thoughts of hurting someone else.

On a scale of 0 to 10, with 0 being no or minimal symptoms and 10 being the most severe symptoms possible, Ms. Last name rated her current depressive symptoms as a 4.

Generalized Anxiety Symptoms

Over the past two weeks, Ms. Last name reported feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge on several days. She mentioned feeling anxious for several months during this or her most recent episode and feeling anxious several days per week. She reported not being able to stop or control worrying on more than half the days. Additionally, she mentioned worrying too much about different things on several days. She listed physical pain, employment situation, financial situation, relationships, family difficulties, family death, previous trauma, conflicts with family or at employment, medical condition, and other as things she worries about. She stated that going to work specifically makes her anxiety worse. She also reported trouble relaxing on several days, being so restless that it's hard to sit still on several days, becoming easily annoyed or irritable on more than half the days, and feeling afraid as if something awful might happen on more than half the days.

On a scale of 0 to 10, with 0 being no or minimal symptoms and 10 being the most severe symptoms possible, Ms. Last name rated her current anxiety symptoms as a 2.

Panic Attacks

Ms. Last name reported experiencing panic attacks, which include increased heart rate, shortness of breath, difficulty swallowing, excessive sweating, lightheadedness, feeling like going to pass out, shaking, feeling of choking, nausea, chest pain, chills or heat, numbness or tingling, feeling detached, fear of "going crazy," and fear of dying. These panic attacks occur once a week and last between 31-60 minutes. She mentioned that being around her boss triggers her panic attacks.

Summary

Ms. Last name presents with symptoms of depression, generalized anxiety, and panic attacks. She reports experiencing fatigue, poor appetite or overeating, weight gain, feelings of worthlessness, difficulty concentrating, psychomotor retardation, suicidal ideation, and thoughts of harming herself. She also experiences symptoms of generalized anxiety, including nervousness, excessive worrying, trouble relaxing, restlessness, irritability, and fearfulness. Additionally, she experiences panic attacks characterized by physical symptoms such as increased heart rate, shortness of breath, and shaking. These panic attacks occur once a week and are triggered by being around her boss.

Further assessment and intervention are recommended to address Ms. Last name's mental health concerns and ensure her safety.